README.md, before:

# perimeter

A virtual interaction layer. Allows to respond to mouse movement around an element.

![perimeter-basic-recipe](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/299887/12561923/b84409e8-c3a2-11e5-96e3-775375c4cafb.gif)

# Install

    npm install --save-dev perimeter


# Usage

Perimeter is distributed as an ecmascript 2015 module.

    import perimeter from 'perimeter';
    
    // bind to button element
    let buttonElement = element.querySelector('.cssSelector');
    let buttonPerimeter = perimeter.bindToElement(buttonElement, 50);
    
    buttonPerimeter.addEventListener('mouseenter', function(){
        // respond when mouse enters the perimeter
    });
    
    buttonPerimeter.addEventListener('mouseleves', function(){
        // respond when mouse leaves the perimeter
    });
    
    buttonPerimeter.addEventListener('mousemove', function(){
        // respond to mouse move inside perimeter
    });

Alternatively you can use the build version to use a global object (check the recipes)

# Build

    npm run-script build

# Samples

Check the recipes folder for sample implementations. ( build the project to run samples )

Commit message:

Explained output of build script

README.md, after:

# perimeter

A virtual interaction layer. Allows to respond to mouse movement around an element.

![perimeter-basic-recipe](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/299887/12561923/b84409e8-c3a2-11e5-96e3-775375c4cafb.gif)

# Install

    npm install --save-dev perimeter


# Usage

Perimeter is distributed as an ecmascript 2015 module.

    import perimeter from 'perimeter';
    
    // bind to button element
    let buttonElement = element.querySelector('.cssSelector');
    let buttonPerimeter = perimeter.bindToElement(buttonElement, 50);
    
    buttonPerimeter.addEventListener('mouseenter', function(){
        // respond when mouse enters the perimeter
    });
    
    buttonPerimeter.addEventListener('mouseleves', function(){
        // respond when mouse leaves the perimeter
    });
    
    buttonPerimeter.addEventListener('mousemove', function(){
        // respond to mouse move inside perimeter
    });

Alternatively you can use the build version to use a global object (check the recipes)

# Build stand alone verstion

To create the stand alone version of the library run the following script.

    npm run-script build
    
This will create `build\perimiter.js`. Including this file on a page will expose perimiter under the `window.perimiter` variable.

# Samples

Check the recipes folder for sample implementations. ( build the project to run samples )
